The goal of this exercise was to get a feel for tuning an IAM policy.
If you didn't complete all of the actions correctly, that's okay.
We just wanted you to get a feel for the interface and how some of these tools work.
In this exercise, you would have successfully created an IAM policy that would fulfill
the access requirements of an application
and ensure that the application had least privilege access.
If things went according to plan,
you would have created an IAM policy that looks something similar to this.
Let's look at the policy a little deeper.
The first statement provides permissions to get the list of buckets and
get some basic information to be able to view the S3 console page.
The second statement allows you to list the bucket contents, however,
it restricts you to listing the specific bucket that you need access to.
The third statement will allow object operations, such as uploading,
downloading, and modifying object properties,
but only for objects in your bucket.
Finally, as an added safety net,
we added an S3 deny on the get object call for all other buckets.
This protects the data in other buckets even if
another more permissive IAM policy is added to this role,
we want also ensure that the role has been updated to only have
the least privileged IAM policy that was created for the exercise.
The more permissive policy that was there initially should have also been removed.
You should have also tested the role and policy by attempting to
list or download objects in other buckets in your account.
I'm confident that through this exercise,
you'll have a better idea of what it takes to start
fine-tuning IAM policies for your applications